this is Frankie MacDonald my own team
stacia live in Sydney Nova Scotia
miniature rain storms headed towards
Vancouver British call me on Saturday
August 229 2015 it's going to bring up
to 30 plus millimeters raining vancouver
british columbia and fraser valley since
the low-pressure system is headed
towards the pc west coast on saturday
august of 20 nights 2015 it's going to
bring a lot of friend it's a windy
conditions a greater vancouver british
columbia it's also gonna hit vancouver
island in Victoria British Columbia as
well it's gonna bring a lot of reigns go
to bring windy conditions and Saturday
August twenty-ninth will not be a good
day to do your fertility same head to
the beach you go swimmin says a lot of
friends going happening vancouver
british coming on saturday August
twenty-ninth 2015 says a lot of Franken
um cause sores to back up the streets in
that can cause some lot of puddles on
the streets in Greater Vancouver British
Columbia and hey mr. Ryland areas
including chilliwack bc Fraser Valley
hope bc Caleb's Kelowna vernon and all
of her bc as well it's going to bring a
lot of frame that's your helpful to some
of the forest fires in Greater Vancouver
British Columbia industry and in areas
on Saturday August twenty-ninth 2015
people in vancouver british columbia be
prepared if your ugg boots ready for
ankle charge of rachel's ready when the
gold side where your rain gear ready
rumbles rear ankle to keep your drive
order your pizzas nor dear chinese food
by a suspect see buying cases coke is
right past church and if your ipod's
church as your cell phone search as your
smartphone search have your laptop's
church have your template search if
you're treating fortunate ready miss
going since it's going to be a lot of
training greater vancouver british
columbia and saturday August
twenty-ninth will not be a good day to
hate to the beach you go swim in do
y'all throw to the feasting into
swimming pools get cooled off as well
since a lot of Frank we're also hit
Thank over bridge
get fraser valley nanaimo bc victoria
british columbia sunshine coast and
vancouver island as well since a lot of
rain is going to happen in Greater
Vancouver British Columbia on Saturday
August twenty-ninth 2015 if everybody
living in vancouver british columbia
being prepared for major brainstorm on
saturday holic is the 29th 2015 best
lafia people think over bridge cornea in
the surrounding areas be prepared for
major rain storm on Saturday August
twenty-ninth 2015 take care stay safe
don't get caught in a rainstorm stay dry
be safe